Update all hardhat plugin pages (#412)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/api/hardhat/getting-started.md

## Prerequisites

- A Node installation with `yarn` package manager installed.
- You are already familiar with deploying smart contracts on zkSync. If not, please refer to the first section of the [quickstart tutorial](../../dev/building-on-zksync/hello-world.md).
- You have a wallet with sufficient Göerli `ETH` on L1 to pay for bridging funds to zkSync as well as deploying smart contracts. We recommend using [our faucet from the zkSync portal](https://goerli.portal.zksync.io/faucet).
- You know how to get your [private key from your MetaMask wallet](https://support.metamask.io/hc/en-us/articles/360015289632-How-to-export-an-account-s-private-key).

::: warning

> - Contracts must be compiled using the official plugins. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contracts must be compiled using the official zkSync Era plugins. 
```

## Prerequisites

> - You have `yarn` package manager installed, npm examples will be added soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Node installation with `yarn` package manager installed.
```

- You are already familiar with deploying smart contracts on zkSync. If not, please refer to the first section of the [quickstart tutorial](../../dev/building-on-zksync/hello-world.md).

> - You already have some experience working with Ethereum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- You have a wallet with sufficient Göerli `ETH` on L1 to pay for bridging funds to zkSync as well as deploying smart contracts. We recommend using [our faucet from the zkSync portal](https://goerli.portal.zksync.io/faucet).
- You know how to get your [private key from your MetaMask wallet](https://support.metamask.io/hc/en-us/articles/360015289632-How-to-export-an-account-s-private-key).

## Setup

1. To initialize the project and install the dependencies, run the following commands in the terminal:

::: code-tabs

> @tab:active folder

Reviewer: Remove code tabs here. We're only doing yarn so we only need one tab. Don't use tabs for anything else except code, ie `yarn` versus `npm` -> not **folder**, do this separately.

```sh
mkdir greeter-example
cd greeter-example

```

@tab install dependencies

```sh
yarn init -y
yarn add -D typescript ts-node @types/node ethers@^5.7.2 zksync-web3 @ethersproject/hash @ethersproject/web hardhat @matterlabs/hardhat-zksync-solc @matterlabs/hardhat-zksync-deploy
```
:::

> You don't have to install `typeScript`, `ts-node`, and `@types/node` dependencies if you are using vanilla JavaScript. However, it's worth mentioning that this tutorial does use TypeScript.

Reviewer: Revert this to original.

::: tip

> If you are using Yarn 2 or a newer version, there may be additional steps you need to take to ensure that `TypeScript` works correctly in your code editor. You can find more information in [Yarn's official documentation](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/editor-sdks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Yarn 2 or later, there may be additional steps to ensure that `TypeScript` works correctly in your editor. For more information, check out [Yarn's official documentation](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/editor-sdks).
```

:::

## Configuration

> 2. Create the `hardhat.config.ts` file in the root and add the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the `hardhat.config.ts` file in the project root and add the following code:
```

```

::: tip

> To know more about the individual properties in the `hardhat.config.ts` file, you can refer to the [plugins documentation](./plugins.md).

Reviewer: Revert this change to original.

:::

## Write and deploy a contract

> 3. Create two folders: `contracts` for storing smart contract files, and `deploy` for keeping scripts related to deploying the contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create two folders: `contracts` for smart contract files, and `deploy` for scripts related to deploying the contracts.
```

4. Create a new contract file called `Greeter.sol` in the `contracts` folder, and copy/paste the following code into it:

```solidity
//SPDX-License-Identifier: Unlicensed

> pragma solidity ^0.8.17;

Reviewer: Change to the solc version you are using in hardhat config. They need to match.

Author: They match.

}
```

> 5. To compile the contract, use the command `yarn hardhat compile` with the `hardhat-zksync-solc` plugin. This will create `artifacts-zk` and `cache-zk` folders in the root directory, instead of the usual artifacts and cache folders used by Hardhat.

Reviewer: Revert this to original.

::: tip

> Remember to remove the folders named `artifacts-zk` and `cache-zk` from version control in your project. These folders contain compilation artifacts and cache, and it's best to add them to the `.gitignore` file to avoid them being added to your version control.

Reviewer: Revert to original.

}
```

7. Deploy the contract.

```sh
yarn hardhat deploy-zksync
```
This script will:

- Transfer 0.001 ETH from Goerli to zkSync.
- Deploy the `Greeting` contract with the message "Hi there!" to zkSync Era Testnet.
- Retrieve the message from the contract by calling the `greet()` method.
- Update the greeting message in the contract with the `setGreeting()` method.
- Retrieve the message from the contract again.

You should see something like this:

```txt
Greeter was deployed to 0x7eCbF187fcF8904C344b54b218B274D1293a22E8
Contract greets us with Hi there!!
Contract greets us with Hey guys!
✨  Done in 218.69s.

```

**Congratulations! Your Hardhat project is now running on zkSync Era Testnet 🎉**

::: tip Request-Rate Exceeded message
- This message is caused by using the default RPC endpoints provided by ethers. 
- To avoid this, use your own Goerli RPC endpoint. 
- Find multiple [node providers here](https://github.com/arddluma/awesome-list-rpc-nodes-providers).
:::

## Learn more

- To learn more about the zkSync Hardhat plugins check out the [plugins documentation](./plugins).

> - To learn more about `zksync-web3` SDK, check out its [documentation](../js/).

Reviewer: Revert to original.

## Future releases

There are two major points of improvement for the plugins which will be released in the future:

> - **Composability with the existing hardhat plugins.** Compatibility with other hardhat plugins is planned for the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Compatibility with existing hardhat plugins.** Compatibility with other hardhat plugins is planned for the future.
```
